CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION :
Currently, the usual comment trolley at other related supermarkets/ hypermarkets is mainly used to store goods in the trolley after shopping. But, the real situation that is faced by the customers is hardly to estimate the correct total amount to pay at the cashier counter. By having this new smart trolley, it shows the actual amount to be paid by the customers after any price deduction (discounted price). Customers will know the exact amount to pay, before reach the cashier counter. Generally, customers may add the total amount of goods by scanning its price tag. The system is also provides information to customers on other important information such as expired date, Halal, ingredients, country of origin and the net price after discounted. Of the three elements which are spending time (shopping), budget control and product layout, are interrelated among the elements. These elements are used as a yardstick among inverters in the demand of the new systems in relative to the higher numbers of customers rises drastically from day to day. It is also to prevent any fraud from happening, especially the price shows are relatively not the same with the actual amount to be paid when it goes to the cashier counter. By introducing this new smart trolley, it is targeted to help related bodies in preventing criminal related to fraud. With the extra space from the Hypermarkets, of course it needs more time to 
walk in the hypermarket, thus this smart trolley will assists customers to find products easily available on shelves. As a conclusion, from the market survey conducted it shows the advantages of the smart trolley with suggested innovative RFID technology are covered on shorting the spend time to search for products or goods, can control the current budget shopping and also provides information on product details and easy to figure out where the items are located. Through feedback received from customers, staff and suppliers of Giant Hypermarket, thus the current trolley can be upgraded to the smart trolley with RFID. It is proposed that, a market survey for the smart trolley with innovative RFID technology is carried out more widely to other hypermarkets such as Tesco, AEON for their acceptance of the smart trolley. Based on market survey that have been conducted, this smart trolley must be adopted in hypermarkets as smart trolley makes it easy for customers to find items faster than using a regular trolley. 
 