 Conclusion  :
 
The  advancement in science and technology is a persistent process. Latest gadgets and latest technology are being  designed and developed . This application is used in shopping malls for assisting customers by saving a lot of time in buying  commodities. In this project RFID  is used as safety access for the item which thereby enhances the surveillance performance. This implementation initiates for an automated central billing system in shopping malls and supermarkets. With this, shoppers no longer have to wait near counters for payment of bills because of  their purchased item information getting transferred to central billing unit. By this billing process speed increases and becomes much more simpler. In addition to this capability,  the mechanism also assures recognition of cases of theft  induced by fraudulent consumers which makes the system more reliable and fascinating  to both customers as well as sellers.  This will enhance  the shopping experience to a new level.  
 
Different variables like item cost, item name etc are continuously displayed on LCD attached to the trolley. Thus  we can say that automatic billing of products by using RFID technique will be a more feasible choice in the upcoming days and  thereby operation  becomes more concise and systematic.   The  objective is effectively attained in the prototype model developed. The developed product is of low cost, amiable to use and does not require any specific practice. The ability to take a decision can be done in the cart itself which can be used in the shopping complexes for effortless and clever way of purchasing items to save vitality, time and money of the customers. The project is evaluated with different trial cases with distinct items assessed for all the practical trials.  Tags used in this project are of water sensitive so the trolley is restricted to use water sensitive products. And moreover tags used in this project  have the capacity of detecting   only one side therefore tags are attached to products in circular fashion inorder to avoid non detection .If we can use more powerful tags which are under research,we can overcome this problem. When the evaluation is done with a single shopping trolley  with distinct items , it gives the 83%  accuracy  for all the cases. 

Recommendation:
Based upon the research , recommendations proposed for the further study are as follows: 
 
? It can also be extended by using more powerful RFID readers with enhanced capacity incase of  more number of products in the trolley. ? Water sensitive and more powerful tags with more advanced features like metal resistant and temperature resistant  are under research which will be very useful in future. 
