 CONCLUSION The intended objectives were successfully achieved in the prototype model developed. The developed product is easy to use, low-cost and does not need any special training. This project report reviews and exploits the existing developments and Different types of radio frequency identification technologies which are used for product identification, billing, etc. We have also learned the architecture of the system that can be used in the shopping systems for intelligent and easy shopping in the malls to save time, energy and money of the consumers. Present trends point towards the fast growth of RFID in the next decade. With around 600 million RFID tags sold in the year 2005 alone, value of market including systems, services and hardware is likely to grow by factor of 10 between years 2006 -2016. It is expected that total number of RFID tags delivered in the year 2016 will be around 450 times as compared to the ones delivered in the year 2006.  This project reviews and exploits the existing developments and Different types of radio frequency identification technologies which are used for product identification, billing, etc. Thus the survey paper studies and evaluates research insight in Radio Frequency Identification systems from a big picture first. We have studied in detail about the business model, technological model and all related work and applications in the domain of RFID based systems that make ease of identification. We have also learned the architecture of the system that can be used in the shopping systems for intelligent and easy shopping in the malls to save time, energy and money of the consumers. Thus RFID has a wide scope in the supply chain management. In the future, if all studies are favorable, we will advance with the implementation of a prototype for proposed architecture for testing in a real hypermarket scenario because RFID is a technology that has the potential to improve our lives to a very great extent. The RFID technology will be considered not just simple accomplishment of some research, but an efficient solution for companies, which will determine visibility on developing the business processes in a correct manner and of complete transparency. The intelligent shopping system can significantly change the manner in which shopping is performed, thus easing the life of buyers, always confronting with time. The retail supermarkets of the future will present significantly less checking queues, with a view to develop the own services and those of the staff, within steps of efficient performing of activities specific to shopping. An RFID implementation that assumes for the time being large expenses will become approachable in the future . In many applications, the great cost of RFID technology will be balanced out by the achievement of the best solution and results of problems. 